snail news came up a lot
Boyacá known as the world capital
of the emeralds its inhabitants that
paradoxically they live in conditions of
extreme poverty say they have a regrowth
of violence after the death of Victor
carranza according to them could revive the
call war green anti horses tan
I live from a lot earlier and good night
tell us
jorge alfredo good night after the
death of the controversial Tsar of
Emeralds Victor Carranza today the
settlers have two requests very
The first is that the government
endorse embrace those initiatives
peace that was born in 16 municipalities
bordering the mines to avoid
those outbreaks of violence to which
you spoke but also that the
national government put your eyes on this
population full of poverty a community
full of hope but also of
unsatisfied basic needs
below we present the report that
we have drawn up for you
roberto friga has been living for 40 years
the museum area with its portrait camera
the so-called emerald bonanza and
remember how víctor carranza started
between sinkholes in juan water or
initially if he was not he inherited the
money that
that did good business implement the
goddess of fortune I help you today but
vélez was an ordinary person
to Carranza and attribute the leadership in
various pacts of peace that stopped a
bloody war makes more than two
decades that's why they ask the government to
let these processes forsake us on
national government grant us a
peace council for the 16 municipalities
he had been working the last
meetings that he did in the different
municipalities was very very insistent that
this project should be carried out in order
to a happy term for them that
longed for peace must be accompanied by
social policies we have divided 23
years of a peace and although everyone
believes that peace has brought us
blessings the only thing that has calmed us
of war and death but hunger
of the region have never been taken from us
misery is added the fear that after
the death of the controversial Tsar of the
emeralds the so-called war is lived
green despite the signing of peace pacts
in the last five years they are calculated
estimated earnings of the 360 ​​million
of dollars for exchange concept
of exporting those emeralds to
other countries today what this population
he asks is where are the royalties
that should be reflected in
housing in health education and shipping
information from the west of boyacá
angie camacho news face with angie
from a lot I go to camps but let's continue with
this topic because today caracuel news
spoke with the investigator of the
george washington university that leads
the declassification of documents
secrets about víctor carranza in the
usa with him talked to our
correspondent Daniel Pacheco and this was
what he found
at George Washington University
is the world's largest archive of
secret documents of usa on
Colombia have been declassified
thanks to michael's requests
evans and his team of researchers
this educational center who for
have long heard of Victor
carranza since the end of the years
80 to the USA
has had an idea the idea of ​​caranza
he had ties to drug trafficking
evans relates to a cable
Embassy of the USA in Bogotá in 1991
that carranza is described as a great
capo and is included among the successors
of the then newly killed chief
paramilitary ariel otero between the
possible competitors to fill the
empty that leaves butt are the tsar of the
esmeraldas víctor carranza and the narco of
caquetá
lion vargas there are reasons to think
that are allies not only in the
embassy cables appeared the name
by Victor Carranza also the CIA
mentioned in his secret files how
a well-known paramilitary the CIA also
has an information linking to
Brown
carranza to chestnut rivalries
Personalities between chestnut and carranza
they frozen the previous efforts of
unit in the willow but the two have
settled differences to join resources
towards a more competent force to
fight the guerrilla in washington
daniel pacheco news snail